---
Module Name: infraspective
Module Guid: 8e42807c-c2a1-4c15-9ba6-3b114736a38b
Download Help Link: {{ Update Download Link }}
Help Version: {{ Please enter version of help manually (X.X.X.X) format }}
Locale: en-US
---

# infraspective Module

## Description

`infraspective` is a PowerShell module for testing (auditing, validating)
infrastructure using the [Pester Testing Module](https://pester.dev).

`infraspective` reads tests (written in
 [BDD style](https://www.agilealliance.org/glossary/bdd/) , like Pester) and
produces output that reports on compliance of your infrastructure to those
tests.

### Additional language features

At this time `infraspective` adds four new structures to organize and classify tests:

- [Control](Invoke-InfraspecControl.md)
- [Grouping](Invoke-InfraspecGroup.md)
- [Checklist](Invoke-InfraspecChecklist.md)
- [Include](Invoke-InfraspecInclude.md)

## infraspective Cmdlets

### [Expand-PoshspecTestExpression](Expand-PoshspecTestExpression.md)

Expand the given expression into a scriptblock

### [Get-AccountsWithUserRight](Get-AccountsWithUserRight.md)

Gets all accounts that are assigned a specified privilege

### [Get-InfraspecConfiguration](Get-InfraspecConfiguration.md)

Return the running configuration object

### [Get-PoshspecParam](Get-PoshspecParam.md)

Returns an object which is used with Invoke-PoshspecExpression to execute a Pester 'It' block with the
generated name and test expression values.

### [Get-UserRightsGrantedToAccount](Get-UserRightsGrantedToAccount.md)

Gets all user rights granted to an account

### [Invoke-InfraspecChecklist](Invoke-InfraspecChecklist.md)

A collection of security controls to check against one or more systems.

### [Invoke-InfraspecControl](Invoke-InfraspecControl.md)

A security control consisting of one or more tests and metadata about the test.

### [Invoke-InfraspecGroup](Invoke-InfraspecGroup.md)

A collection of security controls.

### [Invoke-InfraspecInclude](Invoke-InfraspecInclude.md)

Include the contents of the given files.

### [Invoke-Infraspective](Invoke-Infraspective.md)

Perform an audit on the specified hosts

### [Invoke-PoshspecExpression](Invoke-PoshspecExpression.md)

Executes a Pester 'It' block using values generated by Get-PoshspecParam

### [Measure-AppPool](Measure-AppPool.md)

Test an Application Pool

### [Measure-AuditPolicy](Measure-AuditPolicy.md)

Test an Audit Policy.

### [Measure-CimObject](Measure-CimObject.md)

Test the value of a CimObject Property.

### [Measure-DnsHost](Measure-DnsHost.md)

Test DNS resolution to a host.

### [Measure-File](Measure-File.md)

Test a File.

### [Measure-Firewall](Measure-Firewall.md)

Firewall Settings

### [Measure-Folder](Measure-Folder.md)

Test if a folder exists.

### [Measure-Hotfix](Measure-Hotfix.md)

Test if a Hotfix is installed.

### [Measure-Http](Measure-Http.md)

Test a Web Service.

### [Measure-Interface](Measure-Interface.md)

Test a local network interface.

### [Measure-LocalGroup](Measure-LocalGroup.md)

Test if a local group exists.

### [Measure-LocalUser](Measure-LocalUser.md)

Test if a local user exists and is enabled.

### [Measure-Package](Measure-Package.md)

Test for installed package.

### [Measure-Registry](Measure-Registry.md)

Test a Registry Key.

### [Measure-SecurityOption](Measure-SecurityOption.md)

Test a Security Option.

### [Measure-ServerFeature](Measure-ServerFeature.md)

Test if a Windows feature is installed.

### [Measure-Service](Measure-Service.md)

Test a Service.

### [Measure-Share](Measure-Share.md)

Test if a share exists.

### [Measure-SoftwareProduct](Measure-SoftwareProduct.md)

Test the installed Software Packages.

### [Measure-TcpPort](Measure-TcpPort.md)

Test a a Tcp Port.

### [Measure-UserRightsAssignment](Measure-UserRightsAssignment.md)

Test user rights assignments by user or by right.

### [Measure-Volume](Measure-Volume.md)

Test the volume specified

### [Measure-WebSite](Measure-WebSite.md)

Test a Web Site

### [New-InfraspecAuditState](New-InfraspecAuditState.md)

Create a new State object to keep track of the current state of an Audit.

### [Show-AuditTree](Show-AuditTree.md)

Pretty print an Audit AST

### [Test-RunAsAdmin](Test-RunAsAdmin.md)

Verifies if the current process is run as admin.

### [Write-CustomLog](Write-CustomLog.md)

Wrap the Write-Log function

### [Write-Result](Write-Result.md)

Write the results to the screen
